Who were your first Camp/CLP Leaders?
Who was your first CC?
What does family mean to you?
What does ministry mean to you?
Who in your family are you closest to?
What is the most impactful talk you ever heard?
What is the most impactful sharing you ever heard?
How have you witnessed the Gifts of the Holy Spirit?
What was your first service role?
What is your favorite worship song?
What’s your favorite ministry shirt?
What’s your most memorable Conference?
Who is the Full-time Worker that had the most impact on you?
What is your favorite icebreaker?
What does brotherhood / sisterhood mean to you?
Who was a brother/sister that made brotherhood/sisterhood real to you?
Who is like second parents to you?
Share a funny story about your Couple Coordinators.
Share a funny story about your Household Head.
Share an embarrassing moment during an event.
Do you still have your original nametag?
What is a prayer intention that you have seen answered?
Where do you see yourself in the ministry in 5 years?
Who is the person you’re most grateful for in the community?
If you could invite anyone in the world to a Youth Camp, who would it be?
What gets you most excited about Conference?
What is God’s message for you today?
Who is someone in CFCY that inspires you, why?
Who is someone in another family ministry (KFC, SFC, CFC, HOLD, SOLD) that inspires you, why?
What is something/someone that you pray for every single day?
What does God’s Love feel like to you?
In what ways does God communicate to you His Love?
How did you end up at your Joining Camp?
Who is someone you enjoy serving with and why?
What role on a service team are you most comfortable serving as?
Who is someone that Jesus has used to encounter you?
What is a simple joy you have about community events?
Describe each member of your household and their personalities.
Who is the person in your Area that is most likely to become a Priest/Nun?
What do you love most about your CFCY Area?
What sin do you struggle with the most?
What was the best Confession you ever had?
What is something about God or Christianity that you have a hard time believing?
What aspect of our Faith do you wrestle with?
What transformation have you seen in yourself since joining CFCY?
When do you feel farthest from God?
In what area of your life do you need to trust God more?
What area of your life needs resurrection right now?
What is one spiritual tradition you have or have always wanted in your life or family?
When did God become real to you?
What is one talent/skill that you developed because of ministry?
What do you do to make someone new feel welcomed to CFCY?
Have you ever invited a friend to CFCY? If so, how did it go?
Is there someone you wish you could invite to CFCY, but haven’t?
How do you like to be invited to do something new?
Do you feel like CFCY is a safe place to talk about personal issues? Why or why not?
What is one of the greatest blessings in your life?
Is there someone you need to reconcile with? What’s stopping you from doing so?
What was your first impression of CFCY?
Do you ever talk about your thoughts about religion and God with your friends?
Introduce each member of your immediate family and in one word describe a characteristic you admire about each one.
What is something you find beautiful about Mass?
What would make up your “perfect” day ?
a. (For brothers): How is your relationship with your mother and how does that affect your view on women?
b. (For sisters): How is your relationship with your father and how does that affect your view on men?
When did you last cry? Were you by yourself?
What’s a belief that you hold which many people disagree with?
What does “success” mean to you?
What is the most defining moment of your life thus far?
What is your biggest fear?
What is the most attractive quality a person can have?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What is the most valuable life lesson your parents taught you?
Excluding romantic relationships, who do you love?
What is your happiest memory?
What is your saddest memory?
What is the biggest lie you ever believed about yourself?
In 5 minutes, tell us your life story in as much detail as possible.
If you could live anywhere in the world where would it be?
What’s your all-time favorite movie?
What is the theme song of your life?
What is a quote that you live by?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten on a vacation?
What is your most used emoji? What does that say about you?
Are you a listener or a talker?
What show/series is something you binge-watched embarrassingly fast?
If money wasn’t a factor, what would your dream job be?
What is your favorite boba flavor? What does that say about you?
When did you not speak up when you should have?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
What do you do when you forget someone’s name?
If you could relive one moment in your life, what would it be and why?
What is one moment where you took a huge leap of faith?
If you could ask God one question, what would it be?
What do you love most about the place you live?
What’s a weird habit you have?
What would your family say you’re like first thing in the morning?
What was the hardest text/message you ever had to send?
How easy is it to admit you are wrong?
If you only had 24 hours to live, what would you do?
What was a time you laughed the hardest?